{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Reddit Controversy\
\
Hate Speech as Free Speech\
\
With a toxic mixture of anonymity and a longtime policy of upholding hate speech as free speech, Reddit is rife with controversy. One of the original Reddit creators, Alex Ohanian, wanted to work on projects that \'93make the world <a href=\'93https://www.inc.com/magazine/201206/christine-lagorio/alexis-ohanian-reddit-how-i-did-it.html\'94>suck</a> less,\'94 but by 2012 (four years after Ohanian left Reddit), Reddit was on front page news for some truly soul-sucking subreddits that Reddit administrators <a href=\'93 https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-19975375\'94>refused</a> to ban. (See a list of controversial subreddits <a href=\'93https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Controversial_Reddit_communities\'94>here</a> Over the years, Reddit has updated some of its policies and banned or quarantined (i.e. made hard to find) subreddits that gain bad publicity. But if you look, you can still find really toxic and controversial communities that are given a voice on Reddit.\
\
In 2012 the topic of toxic subreddits came to the nation's attention when a moderator on those subreddits was doxxed in a Gawker <a href=\'93https://web.archive.org/web/20121012213707/http://gawker.com/5950981/unmasking-reddits-violentacrez-the-biggest-troll-on-the-web\'94>article</a>. Reddit CEO at the time, Yishan Wong, refused to ban subreddits containing hateful, yet technically legal, content. One subreddit, r/jailbait, garnered widespread attention in 2011. This subreddit was devoted to suggestive pictures of children, and was banned after CNN ran an expos\'e9 on the subreddit. Following that ban, the subreddit creator (and moderator of many other problematic subreddits) @violentacrez was outed on Gawker by reporter Adrian Chen as Michael Brutsch, a middle-aged man in Texas. From Chen's reporting, it became clear that Brutsch had explicit support of Reddit staff as he trolled and incited hate speech on Reddit. The premise for this support was the same argument for "hate speech as free speech" that continues to crop up today, every time something like the <a href=\'91https://www.huffpost.com/entry/limiting-hate-speech-is-i_b_6459024\'94>Charlie Hebdo</a> attack happens in the world, or when public institutions host ,a href=\'93https://www.npr.org/2017/09/22/552427627/why-a-potential-free-speech-week-at-berkeley-is-causing-a-stir\'94>speakers</a> or <a href=\'93https://crosscut.com/2020/01/seattle-public-librarys-free-speech-defense-terfs-upholds-dangerous-status-quo\'94>events</a> that promote controversial views.\
}